Toolbar: Add a Getting Started tutorial (#3795)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Toolbar/00 Getting Started with Toolbar/20 Create an Overflow Menu.md

The Toolbar can render its items in the overflow menu. Specify the [locateInMenu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#locateInMenu) property for an item. Use one of the following values:

- *"always"*  

>  Always places the item in the overflow menu. You can specify the order of such items in the overflow menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Always places the item in the overflow menu. You can specify the order of items in the overflow menu.
```

- *"never"* (default)  
 Places the item outside of the overflow menu.

- *"auto"*  

>  Places the item outside of the overflow menu. If all items cannot fit within the [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/#width) of the Toolbar, it renders this item in the overflow menu. The Toolbar component determines the order of such items in the overflow menu automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Places the item outside of the overflow menu. If all items cannot fit within the [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/#width) of the Toolbar, it renders this item in the overflow menu. The Toolbar component determines the order of items in the overflow menu automatically.
```

> The previous section of the tutorial describes how to customize Toolbar items. If you use an [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/#itemTemplate) to customize items in the Toolbar with `locateInMenu="auto"` and you want to keep the customization if the items get into the overflow menu, specify the [menuItemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/#menuItemTemplate). You can also use this property to customize the overflow menu item appearance.

Reviewer 2: Now that I re-read this, I'm not sure I understand what you're saying. 

So an item's `locateInMenu` can be `always` or `auto`. Otherwise it never appears in the overflow menu. You're saying that if the property value is `auto`, then I should use `menuItemTemplate`. But what if it's `always`? 

Shouldn't this paragraphs just say "If you want to apply a template to an item in the overflow menu, specify `menuItemTemplate`". I suspect that it doesn't depend on whether it's `auto` or `always`.

> The following code specifies `locateInMenu="auto"` of the **About** button and creates an overflow menu with three items. It also specifies the Toolbar [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/#width).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code specifies `locateInMenu="auto"` for the **About** button and creates an overflow menu with three items. It also specifies the Toolbar [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/#width).
```

> The Toolbar can render its items in the overflow menu. Specify the [locateInMenu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#locateInMenu) property for each item with one of the following values:

Reviewer 2: I don't have to specify it for "each" item. Just for the items I need. 

And the sentence is phrased in a way that I can assume that you talk about "item with one of the values". So I'm adding another full sentence to ensure that it's all clear. 

```suggestion
The Toolbar can render its items in the overflow menu. Specify the [locateInMenu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/items/#locateInMenu) property for an item. Use one of the following values:
```

- *"always"*  
 Always places the item in the overflow menu.

- *"never"* (default)  
 Places the item outside of the overflow menu.

- *"auto"*  
 Places the item outside of the overflow menu. If all items cannot fit within the [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxToolbar/Configuration/#width) of the Toolbar, it renders this item in the overflow menu.

> Note that you can only specify the order of the items with `locateInMenu="always"` placed in the overflow menu.

Reviewer 2: One reason I want to change this is because you use the word "only", and somewhat refer to a limitation. Maybe just saying "you can specify the order of such items" would be better. Then you can say that "the Toolbar component determines the order of the other items automatically" (also positive... more or less :-) )

But then I also think that maybe you can include that information into the list above. It would be easier to handle and will require less repetition.

Author: I included the information in the list above.
